[terra-dropdown]Added aria-haspoup and aria-controls attribute (#3936)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-core-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/dropdown-button/About.1.doc.mdx

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:END -->

## Implementation Notes:
The Form-Field component must be composed inside the [Base][1] component with a locale in order for it to load the correct translation strings.

> [1]: https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-core/components/terra-base/base/base

Reviewer: this should point to application-base and we need to update react-intl as well on peer dependency table

Author: Updated URL to application base and already react-intl is there in peer dependency table.

<img width="822" alt="image" src="https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/assets/126655256/01be3864-ddb5-454c-b365-caa9c89549cd">

## Item Props
<ItemPropsTable />

## Testing

> Terra Alert uses `uuid` which changes the component's description id dynamically. To mock the return value with the Jest testing library, `jest.spyOn` can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terra Dropdown button uses `uuid` which changes the component's description id dynamically. To mock the return value with the Jest testing library, `jest.spyOn` can be used.
```

Author: Done.
